{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \'91Blog\'92\
\
\ul Between our first class and the class on the 15th of October\
\
\ulnone I haven\'92t been doing all that much apart from building some sort of idea for what I want to base my essay in. \
\
1. I\'92ve been trying to find a topic that I can closely relate to my Music Project seminar next term.  \
2. I\'92ve been trying a direction I am more certain I will want to learn about in a few months and maybe even through the next academic year. \
\
\ul Context \
\ulnone \
My passions since starting to study music technology have been pretty similar the whole way though. I started in college working on surround sound/ sound design. I was building an octophonic speaker essay and in the box creating some sort of sound image or space. I\'92ve been doing similar work since. My first year of uni I developed a tool to allow entry level users to create soundscapes with a PD patch, my second year I developed a system to allow people to create soundscapes with body movement with use of Max/MSP and the Microsoft Kinect. My third year (abroad) I worked with a laptop orchestra finally creating my own piece using again an octophonic array and some some sort of soundscape. \
\
\ul Goal \
\ulnone \
This year I am going to try and build something I am personally proud of an in doing so I aim to use this module to do my research for it\'92s creating. The \'91it\'92 is still in question but Im striating to think something along the lines of a laptop orchestra that creates sound spaces with multiple players. \
\
\ul Research\
\
\ulnone In the last day I\'92ve read through a few introductory articles and papers on laptop orchestras and the way they might work. All papers are somewhat related to PLOrk (Prinston\'92s laptop orchestra) and therefor Ge Want, Perry Cook and others. \
\
\ul Aims for the moment\ulnone  \
\
At the moment I\'92m aiming to get to grasp with the concept of creating the laptop orchestra format to a level in which I can manipulate it for my own use without recreating the wheel. \
\
\
}